docs/AutomaticWorkflow.md, before:

# Workflow

The following is an example of how to setup CI (i.e., an Github Action) that is triggered any the Excel sheet containing SKOS vocabulary is updated:

```bash
name: Excel to RDF conversion

on:
  push:
    branches: [ main ]
  pull_request:
    branches: [ main ]

jobs:
  build-test-deploy-vocabulary:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: prepare # pulls repository and dowloads xls2rdf and qSKOS
        run: |
          git config user.name github-actions
          git config user.email github-actions@github.com
          git pull
          curl -L https://github.com/cmader/qSKOS/releases/download/2.0.3/qSKOS-cmd.jar -o qSKOS.jar
          curl -L https://github.com/sparna-git/xls2rdf/releases/download/2.1.1/xls2rdf-app-2.1.1-onejar.jar -o xls2rdf.jar

      - name: build # converts vocabulary.xlsx to vocabulary.ttl
        run: |
          java -jar xls2rdf.jar convert -i ./ontology/vocabulary.xlsx -o ./ontology/vocabulary.ttl -l en
          mv xls2rdf.log ./ontology/logs/

      - name: test # tests vocabulary.ttl against set of qSKOS tests 
        run: |
          java -jar qSKOS.jar analyze -dc mil,bl ./ontology/vocabulary.ttl -o ./ontology/logs/qSKOS.log

      - name: deploy # comitts changes to the repository 
        run: |
          rm qSKOS.jar
          rm xls2rdf.jar
          git add .
          git diff-index --quiet HEAD || git commit -m "generated new .ttl from .xlsx file"
          git push
```

Commit message:

Pointing to external template repo for excel2rdf

docs/AutomaticWorkflow.md, after:

# Automatic Workflow

## Structuring Gihtub repository

Here we shortly describe how you ideally you should structure your Github repository which will be used for:

- Maintaining (and version controlling)
- Converting and
- Validating your controlled vocabularies

The example of a template Github repository that contains the automatized workflow can be found [here](https://github.com/fair-data-collective/excel2rdf-template).

## Setting up Github actions

The following is an example of how to setup CI (i.e., an Github Action) that is triggered any the Excel sheet containing SKOS vocabulary is updated:

```bash
name: Excel to RDF conversion

on:
  push:
    branches: [ main ]
  pull_request:
    branches: [ main ]

jobs:
  build-test-deploy-vocabulary:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: prepare # pulls repository and dowloads xls2rdf and qSKOS
        run: |
          git config user.name github-actions
          git config user.email github-actions@github.com
          git pull
          curl -L https://github.com/cmader/qSKOS/releases/download/2.0.3/qSKOS-cmd.jar -o qSKOS.jar
          curl -L https://github.com/sparna-git/xls2rdf/releases/download/2.1.1/xls2rdf-app-2.1.1-onejar.jar -o xls2rdf.jar

      - name: build # converts vocabulary.xlsx to vocabulary.ttl
        run: |
          java -jar xls2rdf.jar convert -i ./ontology/vocabulary.xlsx -o ./ontology/vocabulary.ttl -l en
          mv xls2rdf.log ./ontology/logs/

      - name: test # tests vocabulary.ttl against set of qSKOS tests
        run: |
          java -jar qSKOS.jar analyze -dc mil,bl ./ontology/vocabulary.ttl -o ./ontology/logs/qSKOS.log

      - name: deploy # comitts changes to the repository
        run: |
          rm qSKOS.jar
          rm xls2rdf.jar
          git add .
          git diff-index --quiet HEAD || git commit -m "generated new .ttl from .xlsx file"
          git push
```
